okay welcome to my three Danish detox
I've decided to do this detox because I
went away and I drank quite a lot of
wine and I got back and I don't quite a
lot of wine and I'm just generally
feeling a little bit toxic inside if you
can see I haven't put any makeup on
because I just kind of wanted you to see
how I looked at the beginning of detox
and then compare it to how I look at the
end of the detox and see if there's any
difference but what these kind of spots
coming up around my chin I've never had
spots before in my life and over the
last kind of few months they've been
really kind of popping up every now and
again and they're on my chin and on my
jaw and apparently that's it can be
hormonal but also it can be an
indication of what's going on inside
your body so it's a safe just to do a
bit of a body clear out and I'm using
nos detox delivery basically what they
do sorry I've just drunk one of the
smoothies and that's the first thing and
it's making me hiccup they deliver you
back like this every evening or in a day
time if you want that and it has all of
your food for the next day and I opted
for the mix between the juice detox and
the food so I just thought I can't cope
with with not eating I go to the gym and
you know I go to spinning that's quite
hardcore and there's no way that I can
do that on juice that's saying that one
of my book is at work did the juice and
then she was going to do in the morning
so I don't know but anyway I was a bit
surprised because after opting for the
food a food M juice mixed I have been
given for breakfast a smoothie you which
I just drank which was pretty bland and
unappealing if truth be known I mean it
wasn't disgusting but it was it's
borderline disgusting and I'm not a
picky eater just so you know but I kind
of
I quite like a lot of chili and
seasoning and I found that not
unbearable but it wasn't great and then
my mid-morning snack is kind of a weird
colored little min smoothie I'm not over
you looking forward to you either that
is more liquid that's an onion soup
which I would kind of classes of juice
as well really my afternoon snack is a
juice yeah it was definitely a juice it
says to each mouthful at least 10 times
not sure about that
and then supply which I can't believe
that I'm looking forward to this already
because he's actually got bits of solid
thing it's something that looks like you
were taken to space with you that is a
vegetable and bean stew served with pea
millet grain I never thought that that
would be something that I'd look forward
to but already I'm quite hungry so I
can't wait for that but to your big bits
of Aging so I'm not sure so far what I
think about this I mean obviously it's
not going to be a detox unless you clean
your system out and I suppose right you
can't have a load of solids and bread
and pesto clogging up your system so
yeah I'm really hungover this morning
and because I drank rather too much at
the football yesterday and then I was
kind of looking forward to having some
kind of honey and granola and yogurt
breakfast but actually thinking about it
it's a bit stupid because you know why
would I be getting that so I'm quite
surprised and a little bit I don't know
I suppose disappointed because I'm just
so happy when I'd love a bacon sandwich
I'm determined to see this through
I'm drinking my purple tini of the day
in a second
which is going to be riveting and also
I've been instructed Oh actually um I'm
late with this open a 1.5 liter bottle
of mineral water I must finish that
today and actually I'll have to drink
2.5 liters of water so yeah all right
now I've got a feeling today is going to
be tough it's 6 p.m. I'm allowed to pray
meditate or preferably go on a walk for
10 minutes on my own yeah probably to
the shops to buy a packet of quavers and
some jelly babies mm-hmm if my willpower
is anything to go by so that's it the
starts of detox sorry if I don't sound
particularly excited by this prospect
but I'll let you know how it's going at
the end of the day obviously it won't be
such a long winded I'm me and ring
around thoughts
and yeah I'll see you later if I still
alive